Yami-Yugi:
PREVIOUSLY ON YU-GI-OH!...
Joey: LISTEN. YOU GOT
MY RED-EYES BLACK DRAGON,
AND I WANT IT BACK,
SOOOO IT'S TIME TO DUEL!
I HAVE NO DESIRE
TO DUEL YOU,
BUT PERHAPS
YOUR FRIEND
WOULD BE INTERESTED.
HA HA HA!
[THINKING]
HE'S DRESSED JUST LIKE
BANDIT KEITH WAS!
I'M NOT BANDIT KEITH.
I ONLY SPEAK THROUGH HIM
SINCE HE'S BECOME
MY MIND-CONTROLLED SLAVE.
AS MY FIRST
BATTLE CITY OPPONENT,
IF YOU LOSE,
YOU MUST RETURN
JOEY'S
RED-EYES BLACK DRAGON!
IF YOU ONLY KNEW
WHAT WAS IN MY HAND WAITING,
YOU'D FORFEIT NOW.
YOU'RE PLANNING
TO SUMMON
EXODIA
THE FORBIDDEN ONE!
HOW WILL YOU STOP
THE UNSTOPPABLE EXODIA?
TRUE.
NO ONE HAS EVER
DEFEATED EXODIA,
BUT IN ORDER
TO WIN BACK
JOEY'S RED-EYES
BLACK DRAGON,
I'LL BE THE FIRST!
♪ YOUR MOVE, YOUR MOVE,
YOUR MOVE, YOUR MOVE ♪
♪ YU-GI-OH! ♪
IT'S TIME
TO D-D-D-DUEL!
♪ YU-GI-OH! ♪
[GRUNTING]
[THINKING]
NICE GOING, YUGE!
NOW THAT YOU'RE ON TO
THIS CREEP'S GAME,
IT'S JUST
A MATTER OF TIME BEFORE
MY RED-EYES
BLACK DRAGON
IS BACK
WHERE IT BELONGS...
AND THIS RARE HUNTER GETS
THE BOOT FROM BATTLE CITY.
Yugi, thinking:
I MAY HAVE FIGURED
OUT HIS PLAN
TO SUMMON EXODIA,
BUT NOW I HAVE TO
FIND A WAY
TO STOP IT!
HA HA HA!
THAT'S NICE WORK,
BUT I'M AFRAID
IT'S TOO LITTLE, TOO LATE...
I ALREADY HAVE
4 EXODIA CARDS
IN MY HAND!
AND I HAVE A STRONG
HUNCH THAT MY NEXT CARD
IS THE FINAL PIECE
OF MY DEADLY PUZZLE:
EXODIA'S LEFT ARM!
HA HA HA!
[THINKING]
ONCE I COMBINE
ALL 5 PIECES,
I WILL SUMMON
THE UNBEATABLE EXODIA
AND CLAIM
AN AUTOMATIC VICTORY
AS WELL AS
YOUR DARK MAGICIAN!
Woman:
OUR SATELLITE IMAGING INDICATES
THE RARE HUNTER'S CARDS
ARE COATED
WITH AN INVISIBLE INK.
MARKED CARDS!
THAT MEANS HE ALWAYS KNOWS
WHICH CARD HE'LL DRAW!
LET IT GO, MOKUBA.
BUT, SETO,
THE GUY'S A MENACE!
FIRST, HE HACKS
INTO YOUR DATABASE
AND NOW THIS? C'MON!
MOKUBA, I'M WELL
AWARE OF THAT,
BUT I'M WILLING
TO LET HIM SLIDE
THIS TIME.
SORRY, BIG BROTHER.
YOU MADE ME
BATTLE CITY COMMISSIONER
SO I COULD
ENFORCE THE RULES.
GIVE ME ONE REASON WHY
I SHOULDN'T BUST
THAT CHEAT OUT THERE!
BECAUSE I NEED HIM.
THIS RARE HUNTER
MAY HAVE SOMETHING
I WANT, MOKUBA.
[THINKING] BESIDES,
I CAN'T WAIT TO SEE
YUGI SQUIRM
WHEN HE FACES
THE SAME EXODIA HE
USED TO DEFEAT ME!
IT'S MY MOVE NOW!
I PLACE ONE CARD
FACEDOWN
ON THE FIELD.
AND I ATTACK WITH
CHIMERA THE FLYING
MYTHICAL BEAST!
DEMOLISH
HIS STONE STATUE!
[GROWLING]
YOU'RE LEFT
WITH ONE MONSTER!
HMM.
HA HA HA!
THAT DOESN'T
MATTER TO ME!
YOU'RE DONE!
I KNEW THAT EVEN YOU
COULDN'T BEAT ME
IN ONE TURN!
ALL I HAVE TO DO IS
DRAW MY NEXT CARD,
AND NOT ONLY
WILL I WIN THIS DUEL,
BUT I'LL SCORE
AN EVEN GREATER PRIZE!
FIRST, I WON JOEY'S
RED-EYES BLACK DRAGON,
AND NOW I'LL TAKE
YOUR DARK MAGICIAN!
MY MASTER WILL BE
EXTREMELY PLEASED!
BYE-BYE, YUGI!
NOW I WILL DRAW
THE FINAL--
NOT SO FAST,
RARE HUNTER!
A TRAP!
WHAT IS IT?
TIME SEAL!? THAT STOPS ME
FROM DRAWING ANY CARDS!
GRR.
AND THAT MEANS YOU
CAN'T PICK THE FINAL
EXODIA CARD YET!
THIS DUEL IS
FAR FROM OVER,
RARE HUNTER!
HMM.
A DESPERATE MOVE FROM
MY DESPERATE PREY.
PHEW!
I THOUGHT YUGI
WAS A GONER.
Yugi, thinking:
MY TIME SEAL TRAP
WILL ONLY LAST
ONE TURN,
SO I'VE GOT
TO STOP HIM
WITH MY NEXT CARD.
I HAVE TO
WIN THIS DUEL
SO I CAN START
FIGURING OUT
THE SECRETS
OF THE PAST!
THE FATE
OF THE ENTIRE WORLD
DEPENDS ON IT!
NOW I CAN'T LET HIM
DRAW THE FIFTH PIECE
OF EXODIA,
AND I CAN'T JUST
KEEP SKIPPING
HIS TURN.
THERE'S GOT TO BE
A CARD IN MY DECK
THAT'LL STOP
THIS RARE HUNTER
FROM SUMMONING
THE UNBEATABLE
EXODIA,
AND I NEED TO
DRAW IT RIGHT NOW!
Yami-Yugi: I PLAY
LIGHTFORCE SWORD!
HUH?
IT WILL
RANDOMLY ATTACK
ONE CARD
IN YOUR HAND,
PREVENTING YOU
FROM USING IT
FOR 3 FULL TURNS.
AND I'LL AIM
FOOOOOOR
A PIECE OF EXODIA!
OH NO!
[THINKING] I CAN'T
CONTROL WHICH CARD
MY SWORD WILL SLASH.
IF IT DOESN'T GET
AN EXODIA PIECE,
I'LL LOSE THE DUEL!
GO LIGHTFORCE SWORD!
OHH!
NOT THAT ONE!
YOU PIERCED
EXODIA'S RIGHT ARM!
Mokuba: THE RARE HUNTER
ONLY HAS 3 EXODIA CARDS
IN HIS HAND NOW!
I'M NOT DONE YET,
RARE HUNTER!
TO WIPE OUT
YOUR MONSTERS,
I'LL START BY
SACRIFICING CHIMERA
FOR SUMMONED SKULL!
SUMMONED SKULL,
ATTACK
WITH LIGHTNING STRIKE!
WELL, ALL RIGHT!
WAY TO PUT
THAT CAPED CLOWN
ON THE ENDANGERED
SPECIES LIST!
YOU SEE?
YOUR EXODIA MAY
BE UNSTOPPABLE
AS A WHOLE,
BUT THE 5 CARDS
THAT MAKE IT UP
ARE EASY PREY!
NOW IT'S MY TURN.
GRR!
RARE HUNTER,
YOU HAVE NO MONSTERS
TO DEFEND YOU.
LOOKS LIKE
A WHOLE NEW GAME.
[CHUCKLING]
WHAT'S WID DAT GUY?
HE'S JUST AS NUTTY
AS A FRUITCAKE.
A "WHOLE NEW GAME"?
HARDLY, YUGI!
YOU REALLY THINK
YOU CAN STOP ME
WITH ONE CARD?
I DO...
A PROFESSIONAL
CARD HUNTER LIKE ME
IS PREPARED FOR
ANY SITUATION!
HA HA HA!
TAKE THIS!
SWORDS OF REVEALING LIGHT!
OH NO!
NOT THE SWORDS!
MY MAGICAL SWORDS
PREVENT YOUR MONSTERS
FROM ATTACKING,
SO YOU CAN'T TOUCH
MY LIFE POINTS!
AND ONCE YOUR
LIGHTFORCE SWORD
WEARS OFF, YUGI,
I CAN USE
EXODIA'S RIGHT ARM
AND SUMMON THE BEAST!
I CAN'T ATTACK!
AND THAT MEANS
YOU WON'T DEPLETE
MY LIFE POINTS!
HA HA HA!
C'MON, YUGE!
YOU GOTTA GET TO HIM
BEFORE HE GETS
THAT LAST PIECE
OF EXODIA!
UNH!
SETO, WHY ARE WE LETTING
THAT CHEAT BEAT YUGI?
WHY NOT?
YUGI SHOULD'VE
BEEN PREPARED
FOR ANYTHING.
[THINKING]
BESIDES,
IT'S ABOUT TIME
YUGI FELT WHAT IT'S
LIKE TO FACE EXODIA.
IT'S MY MOVE.
I'LL DRAW ONE CARD
AND END MY TURN.
HA HA HA!
THANKS TO MY SWORDS
OF REVEALING LIGHT,
THAT'S ALL YOU CAN DO.
YOU'RE REDUCED TO
WATCHING YOUR OWN DUEL,
UNABLE TO ATTACK,
UNABLE TO EVEN MOVE.
I SHOULD JUST END
YOUR MISERY.
WHY WAIT FOR YOUR
MAGIC CARD TO EXPIRE
WHEN I CAN DRAW ANOTHER
RIGHT ARM FROM MY DECK?
EXODIA CARDS
ARE SO RARE
THAT MOST DUELISTS
DON'T OWN A SINGLE PIECE,
BUT I HAVE
3 COPIES OF EACH,
WHICH MEANS THERE ARE
TWO MORE RIGHT ARMS
WAITING IN MY DECK.
HMM.
HEY! WHAT'S SO FUNNY?
YOUR DECK'S
LOADED DOWN
WITH SO MANY
EXODIA BODY PARTS,
THE ODDS OF DRAWING
THE RIGHT ARM
ARE SLIM TO NONE.
WE'LL FIND OUT,
WON'T WE?
YOUR MISTAKE IS
THAT YOU'RE RELYING
ON ONE MONSTER,
BUT A GOOD
DUELING DECK
REQUIRES THE RIGHT
BALANCE OF CARDS.
AND YOU'RE STILL
A PRISONER OF MY
LIGHTFORCE SWORD...
WHICH MEANS
I HAVE 3 TURNS
TO DEFEAT YOU!
WISHFUL THINKING, YUGI.
IT'S MY DRAW.
[THINKING]
I KNEW IT:
A SECOND EXODIA HEAD.
IT DOESN'T HELP,
BUT I'VE STILL GOT
THE UPPER HAND.
AND THANKS TO MY SWORDS
OF REVEALING LIGHT,
MY LIFE POINTS ARE SAFE.
UGH! C'MON YUGE!
YOU CAN DO IT, BUDDY!
YOU STILL GOT
TWO TURNS TO FIGURE OUT
HOW TO STOP
THIS CARD-SWIPIN' FREAK!
I PLAY ONE CARD
FACEDOWN.
AND I SUMMON ALPHA,
THE MAGNET WARRIOR
IN ATTACK MODE!
YOU FORGET ABOUT MY
SWORDS OF REVEALING LIGHT?
YOU CAN'T ATTACK.
I CAN'T...YET!
HUH?
BUT ONCE I DESTROY
YOUR SWORDS,
MY MONSTERS
WILL BE LET LOOSE!
YOU WON'T!
AND REMEMBER,
YOUR DECK HAS
A TRAGIC FLAW.
IT'S CLUTTERED
WITH SO MANY
EXODIA PIECES
THAT YOU'VE
SQUEEZED OUT ROOM
FOR OTHER CARDS
NEEDED TO PROTECT
YOUR LIFE POINTS.
YOU NEED MORE
MAGIC AND TRAP CARDS
TO DESTROY
MY MONSTERS,
BUT ALL YOU HAVE
IN YOUR HAND
ARE EXODIA CARDS.
GRR!
AND TAKE A LOOK
IN FRONT OF YOU,
RARE HUNTER.
I'VE ALREADY
DESTROYED
THE ONLY
TWO MONSTERS
YOU SUMMONED,
LEAVING YOU WITHOUT
A SINGLE MONSTER
TO GUARD AGAINST
A DIRECT ATTACK!
THE ONLY THING
STOPPING MY MONSTERS
IS YOUR SWORDS CARD,
A WEAK AND
TEMPORARY SHIELD.
ONCE MY MONSTERS
ARE FREE,
I WILL BEGIN
ATTACKING
YOUR LIFE POINTS!
GRR-- IMPOSSIBLE!
YOU'LL NEVER BREAK
FREE FROM MY TRAP
BEFORE I SUMMON EXODIA
AND OBLITERATE YOU
AND YOUR MONSTERS.
IT'S OVER, YUGI!
YOU'VE LEFT YOURSELF
WIDE OPEN
FOR A DIRECT ATTACK,
HUNTER.
YUGI! TAKE 'IM DOWN!
THERE'S NO WAY
YOU'LL SUMMON
EXODIA IN TIME.
YOU FORGET.
YOUR MONSTERS
ARE TRAPPED
IN MY SWORDS
OF REVEALING LIGHT!
AND IT'S MY TURN!
I BET IT'S
A DUPLICATE
EXODIA CARD!
IT MAKES
NO DIFFERENCE TO ME!
YOUR LIGHTFORCE SWORD
WILL SOON DISAPPEAR,
ALLOWING ME TO ACCESS
ALL 5 PIECES OF EXODIA
FOR AN AUTOMATIC WIN!
BUT NOT SOON ENOUGH!
[THINKING]
HMM. WHAT IF YUGI DOES
DISCOVER SOME TRICK
TO DESTROY MY SWORDS
OF REVEALING LIGHT?
HIS MONSTERS WILL
DEVASTATE MY LIFE POINTS
UNLESS I BLOCK WITH
A MONSTER OF MY OWN!
YUGI FORGETS THAT EACH
INDIVIDUAL EXODIA PIECE
IS ALSO A MONSTER CARD,
SO I CAN DEFEND MYSELF
WITH MY DOUBLE
OF EXODIA'S HEAD!
I'LL BE PROTECTED
AND STILL HAVE
THE NECESSARY
CARDS IN MY HAND
TO SUMMON EXODIA!
HMM.
I SUMMON EXODIA'S HEAD
IN DEFENSE MODE!
NOW YOU CAN'T STRIKE
MY LIFE POINTS!
HMM.
THAT'S EXACTLY WHAT
I WANTED YOU TO DO,
RARE HUNTER.
NOW IT'S TIME FOR ME
TO DESTROY EXODIA!
WHAT?
YOU ACTIVATED
MY TRAP CARD!
A COSTLY MISTAKE!
CHAIN DESTRUCTION!
AAH!
IT STRUCK MY DECK!
WHILE IT
CAN'T DESTROY
YOUR EXODIA HEAD
ON THE FIELD,
IT CAN DESTROY
THE ONES IN YOUR
HAND AND YOUR DECK!
OH NO!
MY EXODIA HEADS--
ARE GONE!
AAH!
ALL OF YOUR EXODIA
HEADS HAVE BEEN
ELIMINATED FROM YOUR
HAND AND YOUR DECK.
AND WITH NO HEADS
LEFT TO PLAY,
YOU CAN NO LONGER
DRAW ALL FIVE PIECES
INTO YOUR HAND
TO SUMMON EXODIA!
[THINKING]
NO! THAT'S IMPOSSIBLE!
HE FOUND A WAY TO STOP
THE UNSTOPPABLE EXODIA!
AND I'M NOT THROUGH,
RARE HUNTER!
I ALSO FOUND A WAY
AROUND YOUR SWORDS
OF REVEALING LIGHT!
ACTIVATE
DUST TORNADO!
THIS TRAP DESTROYS
ONE MAGIC CARD,
SHATTERING
YOUR SWORDS OF
REVEALING LIGHT.
WHICH ALLOWS
MY MONSTERS
TO ATTACK!
NEXT, I'LL PLAY...
MONSTER REBORN!
REVIVE CHIMERA
THE FLYING
MYTHICAL BEAST!
[ROARS]
CHIMERA!
DESTROY THE FINAL
EXODIA HEAD!
AAH!
NOW YOUR LIFE POINTS
ARE DEFENSELESS
AGAINST MY ATTACK.
I PLAY ALPHA
THE MAGNET WARRIOR
AND SUMMONED SKULL!
[GROWLS]
SUMMONED SKULL'S
ELECTRICITY
RAISES ALPHA'S
MAGNETIC
ATTACK POWER
BY 200 POINTS!
OHH!
NOW, MY MONSTERS,
ATTACK
THE RARE HUNTER'S
LIFE POINTS!
AAH!
UNH!
YEAH, YUGE! YOU WON!
Mokuba:
I CAN'T BELIEVE IT!
YUGI DEFEATED EXODIA.
HE MAY HAVE
BEATEN EXODIA,
BUT THERE'S ONE CARD
YUGI WILL NEVER BEAT,
AND I'M THE ONE
HOLDING IT.
I'M HEADING
TO BATTLE CITY!
HEY, WAIT UP!
I'M COMMISSIONER,
REMEMBER?
I GOTTA GO AND MAKE SURE
NO ONE ELSE IS CHEATING!
OH, IF YOU DETECT
A DUELIST USING
AN EGYPTIAN GOD CARD,
LET US KNOW RIGHT AWAY!
YES, SIR.
WAY TO GO, MY MAN!
THANKS, JOEY.
AH, THERE IT IS!
I'M TAKING
JOEY'S RED-EYES
BLACK DRAGON
AND YOUR
LOCATOR CARD.
YOU WON'T NEED TO
FIND THE FINALS NOW.
WHAT'S WRONG?
SOMETHING'S
RUBBING OFF
ON MY FINGERS.
ALL THESE CARDS
ARE MARKED!
HE WAS A CHEAT!
NOT ANYMORE!
Rare Hunter:
I LOST...
I FAILED...
HMM?
FORGIVE ME,
MASTER...
I TRIED MY BEST!
NO! PLEASE DON'T
BE ANGRY!
AAH!
NO, MASTER, DON'T!
PLEASE! SPARE ME!
YUGI, THAT WACKO'S
LOST HIS MIND!
I'VE SEEN
THIS BEFORE!
Yugi, thinking:
THAT'S THE
MILLENNIUM SYMBOL!
WE MEET AGAIN, PHARAOH!
REMEMBER ME, PHARAOH?
ACTUALLY,
PERHAPS YOU DON'T.
YOU WERE TRAPPED
IN THE PUZZLE
WHEN I DUELED
LITTLE YUGI.
CONGRATULATIONS
ON DEFEATING
MY RARE HUNTER,
THOUGH HE WAS
THE WEAKEST DUELIST
IN MY CREW.
MY OTHER MINIONS
WILL PROVE MUCH MORE
FORMIDABLE.
YUGE...
WHAT IS WITH
THIS FREAK SHOW?!
PHARAOH, I'VE WAITED
FOR YOU FOR YEARS.
FINALLY, AFTER
ALL THIS TIME,
I WILL DESTROY YOU!
I WILL NOT ALLOW
MY OTHER RARE HUNTERS
TO FAIL ME
LIKE THIS ONE DID.
I HAVE LITTLE TIME
FOR HIS KIND
OF FOOLISHNESS,
SO I HAVE
TAKEN OVER HIS BODY
AND TRAPPED HIS MIND
IN THE SHADOW REALM.
I AM IN CONTROL!
YEHH! THIS GUY'S
CREEPIN' ME OUT!
HOW DO YOU
CONTROL HIM?
EACH OF
THE MILLENNIUM ITEMS
CONTAINS ITS OWN
UNIQUE POWER.
SO MIND CONTROL IS
A SIMPLE TASK
WITH MY MILLENNIUM ROD!
NO GOOD CAN COME
FROM THAT POWER.
THE EVENTS OF THE PAST
WILL OCCUR ONCE AGAIN,
AND THAT SAME GREAT EVIL
WILL RETURN TO THREATEN
THE ENTIRE WORLD.
Yugi, thinking:
HE MUST BE
THE GREAT EVIL
ISHIZU SPOKE ABOUT!
ALLOW ME
TO INTRODUCE MYSELF.
REMEMBER MY NAME...
MARIK!
MARIK?
WHAT IS IT YOU WANT
FROM ME, MARIK?!
I WANT WHAT
BELONGS TO ME,
AND I'LL TAKE IT
USING THE STRENGTH
OF THE EGYPTIAN
GOD CARDS!
EGYPTIAN WHAT?
MILLENNIA AGO,
A TRIO
OF POWERFUL BEHEMOTHS
RAMPAGED THROUGHOUT
ANCIENT EGYPT.
THESE EGYPTIAN GOD MONSTERS
SPREAD DESTRUCTION
THROUGHOUT THE WORLD
UNTIL THE PHARAOH SEALED
THEM AWAY FOR ETERNITY,
BUT WHEN PEGASUS
CREATED DUEL MONSTERS,
HE RESURRECTED THESE
MIGHTY BEASTS AS CARDS.
WITH THESE EGYPTIAN GODS,
I CAN DESTROY YOU
AND CLAIM
THE POWER I DESERVE.
YOU'LL NEVER CLAIM
THE MILLENNIUM
PUZZLE!
HMM. YOU MISUNDERSTAND.
I WANT MORE THAN
THE POWER OF THE PUZZLE.
I WANT
THE PHARAOH'S POWER,
THE BOUNDLESS ENERGY
OF THE ANCIENT RULER HIMSELF!
WITH IT, NO ONE
WILL STAND IN MY WAY!
I'LL USE THE ALMIGHTY
MAGIC I GAIN
TO CONQUER
AND LEAD THE WORLD!
I WILL BE UNSTOPPABLE!
THE END IS NEAR,
PHARAOH!
IT'S MY WORLD NOW.
NOT YET, MARIK!
I'M BEGINNING
TO UNDERSTAND
WHY ISHIZU ASKED ME
TO PARTICIPATE
IN BATTLE CITY.
IT'S MY DESTINY
TO STAND BETWEEN YOU
AND THE EVIL POWERS
YOU SEEK!
AND I WILL!
THEN YOUR DESTINY
IS EASIER SAID
THAN DONE, YOU FOOL.
Yugi, thinking:
I CAN'T LET
MARIK WIN,
OR WHO KNOWS WHAT
DARKNESS WILL COME!
HE MAY POSSESS
THE MAGIC OF
THE MILLENNIUM ROD,
BUT I HAVE
THE STRENGTH
OF MY PUZZLE!
I HAFTA BEAT HIM,
NO MATTER WHAT!
PHARAOH, YOUR DAYS
ARE NUMBERED,
SO ENJOY THE GAME
WHILE YOU STILL CAN!
BECAUSE YOUR REIGN
IS COMING TO AN END!
[GROANS]
MAN, THAT WAS WEIRD.
I KNEW THAT GUY WAS
A BIG CREEP,
BUT WHO KNEW
HE WAS JUST A FRONT
FOR AN EVEN
BIGGER CREEP?
HUH?
HERE YOU GO, JOEY.
TAKE YOUR
RED-EYES BACK.
NAH, YUGE.
YOU HOLD ON TO IT.
IT ISN'T MINE
TO TAKE, PAL.
YOU WON IT
FAIR AND SQUARE.
BESIDES, THE RARE HUNTERS
HAVE COLLECTED
TONS OF RARE CARDS.
THEIR DECKS ARE
TOTALLY SOUPED UP,
SO I KNOW THAT THEY'RE
GONNA BE TOUGH TO BEAT,
EVEN FOR YOU!
WHAT ARE YOU
SAYING, JOEY?
I'M SAYIN'...
ONE DAY, YOU'LL NEED
ALL THE POWERFUL
MONSTERS YOU CAN GET.
PLUS, YOU CAN THINK OF ME
WHENEVER YOU PLAY MY RED-EYES!
IT'S THE LEAST
I COULD DO TO REPAY YA.
SEE, DURIN'
THE DUELIST KINGDOM
TOURNAMENT,
YOU TAUGHT ME RULES,
KILLER STRATEGIES,
AND EVERYTHING ELSE
THAT I NEEDED TO KNOW
TO HELP ME GET
TO THE FINALS!
I COULDN'T A DONE IT
WITHOUT YA HELP.
THAT'S WHAT
FRIENDS DO.
DAT'S MY POINT
EXACTLY, BUDDY.
YOU'VE ALWAYS
HAD MY BACK,
SO IT'S TIME
I HELPED YOU
FOR A CHANGE!
THAT'S WHY I WANT YOU
TO KEEP MY RED-EYES
BLACK DRAGON!
I KNOW IT'S GONNA
COME IN HANDY
FOR YA SOMETIME.
BESIDES, THIS MEANS
THAT A PART OF ME
WILL BE A PART
OF YOUR DECK.
IT'S KINDA COOL KNOWIN'
THAT I'M HELPIN' YA
SAVE THE WORLD.
DON'T GET ME WRONG,
I'M STILL IN THE CONTEST.
AND I STILL HAVE
THE RARE CARD
REQUIREMENT COVERED.
WELL, ACTUALLY,
I GUESS TECHNICALLY
YOU HAVE IT COVERED,
YUGI!
HMM?
SEE, RED-EYES
BLACK DRAGON
WASN'T THE ONLY RARE CARD
I HAD IN MY DECK!
YOU GAVE ME
ANOTHER RARE CARD
WAY BACK WHEN
I FIRST STARTED
PLAYIN' DUEL MONSTERS.
REMEMBER?
THE TIME WIZARD!
YEP. IT BAILED ME
OUTTA JAMS AT
DUELIST KINGDOM,
AND I KNOW IT'S GONNA SAVE
MY BUTT IN BATTLE CITY!
YOU KNOW, WHEN YA
THINK ABOUT IT, YUGE,
BOTH OF OUR HEARTS
ARE IN OUR DECKS.
WE'RE A TEAM!
TOGETHER, WE WON'T LET
ANY DUELISTS BEAT US!
IT'S TRUE!
WE'LL WHOOP
THIS MARIK CREEP
AND HIS RARE HUNTER
GOON-SQUAD SO HARD,
THEY WON'T KNOW
WHAT HIT 'EM!
THEY'LL BE SORRY
THEY EVER DECIDED
TO MESS WITH US!
HMM.
THANKS, JOEY.
I'LL TAKE GOOD CARE
OF YOUR RED-EYES
BLACK DRAGON.
DON'T SWEAT IT!
IT'S YOURS!
YOU ARE
A TRUE FRIEND, JOEY,
AND TOGETHER
WE CAN TAKE ON
ANY EVIL
THAT COMES OUR WAY.
YEAH! ALL RIGHT!
WHICH-A-YOU DUELISTS
WANTS A PIECE?
JUST STEP UP
SO JOEY CAN KNOCK YA DOWN!
[THINKING]
WATCH YOURSELF, MARIK.
YUGI AND I ARE GONNA
BE TRAILING YOU
EVERY STEP OF THE WAY.
THE RARE HUNTERS HAVE BECOME
THE RARE HUNTED!